It turns outthe Feds were here.
- Son of a bitch.
- Yeah.
They took the security footage.
And I was on it?-No, but your.
Hey.-Something we need to...
talk about.
It was just a hard chemo day..
Sweetheart!-Daddy!
Congratulations, Victor.
I wasn't sure you would come.
How could Imiss this, right?
You said your tattoohad someth.
It's a gang symbol, isn't it?
- You have to trust me.
- Get ou!
Maybe this isn't your game.-Ye.
Maybe you couldbuy me a drink I?
Explain the rules?-
- She's new, right?
- Forget it.
She's not your type.
She seemed friendly enough.
You know why you're here.
Your defining emotion is anger.
So, to fix that, we're gonna ne.
Can we talk about Tom?
Your pops is riding a casethat.
Tom's not taking a dea.
We're the ones who paid for the.
You see this piece of shitbehi?
Ever since I gotthe new lawyer,
he's been my shadow.
There's talk I might
get put on the linein the next.
7ñThey think you cutting?
So they gonnathrow you out on t?
That's that blastmy brother wao
before he disappeared.
Well, what's thatgot to do wit?
I need you to find out who's,
if they know anything aboutmy b.
Find my brother, or at least.
Who is it?
It's fucking Sleep.
You ain't had nothing like th.
It's biblical.
End of Days, we're talking here.
Yeah, I'ma bethe judge of that.
So, when are youreupping on 'c?
I ain't.This is where it's at.
Man, you got nothing to lose.
Money back guarantee.
If this shit don't get you litw-
Buckle up, son, 'cause this shit.
I got some questions.
And you best come correct.
Someone's using Sleep'sphone t.
It's gotta be Neckbone, right?
- Could be Winters.
- What does?
They obviously know what we d.
The phone doesn't proveanythin.
Whoever it is, they're testing.
Then it's better for usnot to.
It's "us" now?
We may have madethe body,
but you're the reason he's dead.
It doesn't matter who did what.
We're in this together.
Pete, Karen, I need you to ta,
and make sure Sleep's bodyis st.
I never should'velet you take.
It was the right play.
Listen...
can you...
Can you use your resourcesand t?
How the hell do I do that
without the Bureauasking questi?
Call in a favor, twist an arm.
I don't care how. Just get it do.
I'm tired of saying this.
I don't work for you, Hammond.
This ain't aboutwho's in charg.
This is about all of us staying.
Including you.
Frank, what's up?
Scally's. 6:00 PM.
Well, should I beworried about?
It's hard to say.
I hope not.
What is it?
Hey, there he is!
You remember Kate, don't you?
I do.-Look.
I gotta take this call.
I'll be back in a second.
You two talkamongst yourselves.
Alright?
Any idea what this is about?
His exwife just passed.
Wait, Allison's dead?
When? How?
I'm not really sure.
You knew her?
Well, yeah, we all grew up int.
How 'bout you? Where are you fro?
Monterey.
I spent a few months up th.
Which part?
The nice part.
I'm sorry.
Forget it. I'd rather not?
You want to tell us how it ha?
She's not really dead, is she?
Technically, no.
- Are you kidding me?
- What?
She was dead to me the moment.
Hey, which was exactlyfive year.
You're a real piece of work, ?
Hey, divorce is like a death.
You guys hungry? They make a gre.
No, they don't.
Dr. Barnes, di.
Cole?
You should be at home, Ma.
I feel fine.
Why won't they let me see him?
He's still in custody.
It's a security issue.
Secur... my God!
What am I gonna do?
Bust him out with my purse?
How does he look?
Doctor said he was lucky.
He's stable for right now.
I'll never understandthe choic.
Okay, it wasn't a choice.
He's a cop in jail. That makes h.
Don't sugarcoat it.
I know the manand the life he l.
He makes enemies, not friends.
God.
Ma, you should go getsomething?
I'm fine.-Go downstairsto the?
I'll be down there in five min...
Go on.-Make them let me see him?
I swear to you, I had no part i.
No part.
Well, maybe it'sa good thing h,
'cause there's no way I would've.
Well, we're here now,
and makingthe most of it, right?
It's surprisinglynot that pain.
No, that's not what I!
That... that came out completely.
What I meant is I'm just...
I'm not the typeof person that, ,
that goes out a lot.
Well, same here.
But in this case, the company he.
Frank, um...
thinks pretty highly of you, ?
Frank's a good guy.
What?-
- He's been selling you pretty h.
Well, how's he doing? Did he cl?
How about you, um, get me anoth?
Thanks.
You're welcome.
She ever finds outyou were in o.
Hey, I just wanted a shot.
If she's gonna reject me,
I'd rather it be becauseshe got.
I don't think anybody'sever se.
Listen, does she talk to youmu?
No, why?
Just seemed a little evasive.
Maybe she thinksyou're one of.
You think aboutwhat we just did,
you are.
Hey, I'm real sorry about your.
What?-I said I'm real sorry ab.
You knew exactlywhat was gonnan
when you put him on the line.
Hey, it wasn'tmy call to make,.
My mother wantsto see my fathe.
Can't help you.
He's locked up.-Make an excepti.
Just a few minutes.
Say please.
Look, man.
My mother wantsto see my father.
Okay?
So, can you please...
do that for me?
You see?
Was that so difficult, man?
She can get five minutes.
All I'm asking is thatyou ping.
Triangulate its location. You go!
Not without authorization, we d.
Come on.
Quinn, I need this.
Then get a court orderor a SAC.
Otherwise, I'm not getting invol.
I can't.
It has to be off the books.
Sorry, but I gota family to th.
I'm not gonna jeopardizemy job,
or anybody else.
What?
Anything new?
Things regarding our friend
are exactly the way we left th.
- Any more texts?
- No.
Listen, when are you gonnaget a?
I can't get itwithout dropping.
Well, do it! Make upsome proba!
A warrant requiresPrice signin.
Byrd, we need this!
Look, you don't think I know t?
Then get creative, man.
Do whatever it takes.
If he can't getthat phone pinn.
Anything from Coleon Tom's con?
He's still stable, right?
Well, I don't know.
Steve, we reallyshould go see.
I'm not stopping you, Karen.
We can't let what happenedto h.
The rest of the Ravensare gonna.
We'll handle it.-Look, he is s,
but what happenswhen he goes ba?
What's withthe drama, ?
They came in too fast. I could-
- You motherfucker!-Don't touch!
The hell is this about?!
You know what this is about.
What happened to Tom was boundt.
So I figured why notconfront it?
Clear the air?
That's what this is?
You think we'd retaliatebecause?
Tom and I share a last name.
Not much else.
I'm not buying it.
You care aboutall these idiots.
Brother, you kill us I,
in a cop bar...
He's right. Every cop in the wo.
You think I care about that?
What really happenedto my broth?
Did one of you idiotsdo somethi?
I already told you, he never.
Is my brother dead, Hammond?
No, and I can prove it.
How?
He texted me last night.
That's bulllshit.
See for yourself. Phone's right.
My brother didn'ttype that mes.
You sent that to yourself, di?
Why would I do that?
Alibi maybe?
Sleep disappearedbefore Tom wa.
So what motivationwould any of?
I don't know.
But I'm about to find out.
What the hell is this? Hey!
Hey, hey, hey, hey! Hey!
What are you doing?
I'm getting answers the smar.
Get in here.
What's going on?
Have the Ravenshad any contactp
since you've beenassigned to th?
No, like I told you, he never.
But according to your re,
you met with his brother.
A man they call Neckbone. Yeah.
Why?-What did he want?
He was looking for his brother.
It's all there in front of you..
So Hammond nevertalked to Slee?
Not that I'm aware of.
Because Sleep sent hima text l.
You have Sleep's phone records.
Yes, of course we do.
You sure you're not being pl?
I don't think so.
He doesn't think so.
I'll lean on Hammond.
Find out whatthe text was about.
Damon, if Hammond is lying
about being incontact with Slee,
I want to know why.
I'm real close torearre.
You have yourself a short runway
to get thingsback under control.
Do you understand me?
I understand, sir.
Is there anything else we ne?
Nothing significant to report.
Okay, get some sleep.
Tell me your name.
Steve Hammond.
Did you kill?
No.-
Did a Raven kill Sleep?
No.
Well, get to it, man. Ask him i.
Was Sleep, to yourknowledge, m?
No.
He's telling.
You sure this thing's working?
I mean, he's a copwhich means h.
In a situation withthis ki,
there's no wayhe could fool it.
I already told you. We know not.
So, now what? You gonna apologi?
No.-You ever think maybe Sleep?
Well, if he isn't dead, then?
Witness Protection.-And how yo?
If they picked him up beforehe,
they probably flipped him.
And that's probablywhy he's texe
he was supposed to meet with.
Trying to set us up to get out.
My brother's a lot of things...
but an informantisn't one of 'e.
Everything's back in place.
When you get somemore informatin
on that WMD drugor who's moving,
I want to hear about it.
What about Tom?-What about him?
Your rent's going up.
You okay, Steve?
No.
How the hell didhe beat a poly?
State of mind.
Technically, we didn't kill him.
The fall did.
I see Cole.
I see Ramos. I see Bitch.
Did you kill Sleep, Steve?
Did a Raven kill Sleep?
Was Sleep, to yourknowledge, mu?
Steve, we.
I'm a little worried.
Got more and more eyes in here.
They're acting likethey're on t.
Call me.
■vThis is Frank.Leav.
Ma, what are you doing?
You should be inside, taking i.
I'm having a good day, Steve.
Besides...
my garden's gone to shit.
What's bothering you?
I know there's something.
The Feds have you on tapecashi.
So if anybody comes by, you nee.
We'll get a lawyer if we have.
I'm Stage Five, Steve.
No one's gonna scare or intimid.
Have you visitedyour father yet?
No.
Can you do it?
For me?
Yeah.-
Thank you.
Hey!
Daddy!
I missed you so much.
You know how much I missed you?
Where have you been?
I've been at work, baby.
Yeah, what are you doing here?
I came to takemy princesa to s.
Veronica, can yougo upstairs, ?
Go on, listen to your mama.
Love you.
Love you, too!
You look nice.
You know, I don't thinkit's a a
you showing up like this.
It's my house.-Yeah, it's our.
And until we figure this out,
I don't want to confuse her. A.
But I mean... I miss her.
She misses you.
But... I don't want you drivin.
Why?
Because I was rethinkingthing,
and I was gonna call youand I w,
and maybe even ask you to come.
And then, I foundsome cash in y.
It's money from a side job!
Side job? It was $5,000!
Okay, yes, but please just he?
I don't want to havethis conver!
I'm working with the Fedsto hen
the gangs in the department!
You're lying!-I'm not lying! I!
I put that on ourdaughter's lif!
Don't you dare do that!
Don't you dare swearon Veronica.
Don't you dare.
It's what people dowhen they're.
I just want my family back.
Well, I want the manl thought.
So it looks like right now...
neither of usget what we want.
My God.
What good is this doing?
More than you think.
We all internalize pain from ou.
It needs to be processed.
Otherwise, we're at the mercyof,
and can't control.
You know that complaint?
The one that landed me in here,
the one that'sunder investigati?
You know whatthat dirt bag did?
Raped his own child.
She was six.
It's understandable thatcould.
But you're deflecting again.
We're looking earlier than that.
For the source.
So, you want my childhood?
Okay.
My father...
We'll just call him that
being how he's the one whoshot.
He left before I was born.
And my mother is oneof those mon
who can't seemto get through a y
without a man by her side.
Any man.
How many?
I don't know. I didn't count.
A lot.
Any abusers?
Pedophiles?
Is your mother still alive?
Last I checked.
You don't have much contact wi?
Would you?
You think they know we h?
'Cause they didn't pulla big nu.
I don't know.
But we can't go intothe pension.
It'll raise too many red flags.
Is he gonna throw in?
I sank most of my money into p.
Let's just grab what's left.
We'll pool our money. Figure it.
We're really gonnapay this ass?
We got no choice.
Unless Byrd finds that phone.
I'm trying.-If you could've do.
You're throwing in.-I'm not get.
I got about 40 large.Everyone.
Find that phone.
Let's get this done.
- Meet back here at 22:00.
- Copy.
Steve.-Yeah, man?
What is it?
You need to go see Dad.
Not now.-He's been asking for.
He's your dad, man.
- This is.
- Voicemail:
Hey, you shouldn't be back he.
Where's Frank?-He's not here.
- Where is he?
- Out sick.
Did you try his cell?
Sick?-Yeah, he got the flu o.
He was here and thenjust cut ou.
Shit.-You okay?
Yeah.
Just a sec.
Guy says he's familyand needs.
May I come in?
Yeah, it's cool.
What are youdoing here, Victor?
What do you want?-I want to know
what you're putting my daught.
I'm not putting herin the midd.
We're just having a disagreemen.
Don't play mefor stupid, Pete.
She told me everything.
Turning in other cops?
You're involved ina dangerous g.
You stay outof my business, Vi.
The safety of my daughterand g.
If you want to rat outyour own.
But I won't have youendangering.
I'm not!-Yes, you are.
I've spent a careerouting ratas,
and I can tell you...
they never end well.
And when there'sfamilies involv,
they suffer the most.
Get out.
Get out!
I didn't come hereto fight wit.
Just know this...
There's nothing I won't doto ke.
Yeah, well, that makes two of u.
So if you love your family lik,
be a man.
Put their safety first,
and stay away from them.
Frank! You in there?
Frank!
Hammond?
Yeah!
It's open.
What are you bangingon the door?
Why are you notanswering your?
Because I feel like shit, that.
So I turned it off.
Don't get too close.-Where's my?
What?-Where is it?!
Well, I guess you weregonna fi.
I spent most of it.
What's left is onthat desk behi.
I'm sorry...
that you're such a dick.
Do you really think thatl would?
I didn't know what to think.
I took it out this morning.
The Feds came back to lookat th.
I was afraid they weregonna comn
with warrantsfor the boxes next.
Why didn't you call me?
You didn't answer your damn ph.
It's not the kind of thingyou I?
Sorry for comingat you like th.
Yeah, well, you shou.
You said not to worry.
You had everything under contr.
This thing doesn't looklike it'.
Someone made an accusation.
It'll blow over.-What'd they ac?
Does it have an?
It's better thatyou don't know.
What? More bad news?
It's all I've been getting lat.
Feel better, man.
Hey.
Hey, why don't youtake the nigh?
We can get somedinner or someth.
Can't.Have business later.
Ravens' business?
Sorry.
Off limits.
Why'd you become a cop?
Third generation.
So family loyalty?
I guess. Why?
That's whatthe Ravens are to m.
It's like the familyl never had.
You feel bad about lyingto the?
No, why should I?
We're not hurting anybody.
How do I knowyou're not gonna h
about this to your boys?
Alright.
You know thatarmory heist up no?
- Some guns got stolen?
- What ab?
We have 'em.
Winters would kill meif she kne.
So there's your insurance polic.
That's everything I have.
Me too.-Don't worry.
As soon as we're inpossession o,
we're gonna get it back.
Earbuds are in the bag. They.
What about Byrd? He gonna be th?
No.
Why not?
Because once we have the phone,
decisions are gonna have to be e
about how we handle this.
Decisions?
We can't afford to havethis gud
if he knows whathappened to Sle.
Let's go!
I was worried about him.
You shouldn't be.
Tom cares abouthimself, not you,
and damn sure not me.
You're wrong about that.
Alright, you ready for this?
Yeah.
We're in p.
Ready to take him if heheads to.
QéCopy that.
Copy that.
You guys have the eyes for now.
I'll circle backat the next sta.
Copy that.
Think this is about to get m?
We're about to kill a man.
It doesn't get any messier than.
We got a possible.
Black hoodie walkingoff the nor.
Get ready to move.
He took the package! Let's move!
Headed for the train. Everybo!
Hang back in case he bails!
Shit!
He ditched the hoodie!
He ditched the hoodie!-Cole: Go!
Shit!
Come on!
Watch out, watch out!
Don't move. Don't move!
Hey.
The guy that just came in. What?
What the hell?
What you're doing is illegal.
I know.
But I really need the location.
The man, he paid me.
Quien? Who paid you?
No se.-What did he look like?
What did he freaking look lik?
Was he white, was he black? W?
What'd he look li?
White, white.
Sunglasses.-
Baseball cap.
What?
We're burned.
Shit!
Yeah?
Where the hell's Hammond? He's.
I don't know. What do you need?
I'm up on the phone's GPS. I'.
- Sleep's phone? Where?
- South s.
On it.
Get him! Get him, get him!
That's all you gotyou?
Let me go, man!
Let me go!
Shut up!
What the fuck do you?
We gonna show you who's in cha.
Fuck you, man!
You might runshit in that jail..
We run the streets!
Jesus Christ, no!
No, no!
No? You're not so tough now, ?
Whatever you want, I'll do what.
I know you will. Shut up.
But just in caseyou're the forg,
I'm gonna give youa little remi.
Yeah!-Don't do it, m!
No! No!
Shut up!
Shut up! Shut up!
You like that? Do you like that?
Shut up!
Shut u!
We got it.
We got it, w.
Yeah. You gonna dow.
Gimme a location, Byrd.
Just crossed Olive.
I think I see him.
He's still heading eastbound.
- Give me a cross street.
- Hol.
Looks like it just turned north.
- Got it.
- Okay.
Something I should know about?
Hands where I can see them!
Both of them!
You piece of shit.
What's going on?